fix(a11y): final fix for WCAG 1.1.1 image alt should describe image content accurately (#17)
scottrigby/basekamp-next: content/events/bang-lab.md

title: b.a.n.g. lab
images:
  - src: ricardo.jpg
    alt: Man in black UCSD hoodie standing in front of border patrol police car
  - src: supporters.png

>     alt: Group of people holding sign reading Students Support at outdoor rally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    alt: Group of protesters wearing masks, holding signs Students Support Dominguez at outdoor rally
```

  - src: speech.png
    alt: Person speaking to crowd of people gathered under trees at outdoor event
  - src: academic-freedom-rally.png

>     alt: Group of protesters holding signs at academic freedom rally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    alt: Group of protesters holding signs at in front of an academic building
```
